for everyone who follows me on my channel
honest and fat
they removed from upload the page of the moon
an ace m2 in haiti was his life today
then I will give a tube how
install it but have made a video
previously of an efe xp I have
installed this what we are going to do is
install the enzyme
on top of this the new brown annual that
they went up today I'm going to explain to you how
so they do not lose all those that have
installed and only rents in for the new
then let's start with the tutorial
well here I bring you and for
update it with the latest version of
nothing to magic there are two methods of doing it
the method that I'm going to do is going to
flashing the better cell phone and the other
method would be to enter configurations
and here where you say no longer with me gates
for transactions
the update will appear
you can see here they went up today those who
I showed at the beginning of the liveleak video
they can download it and they can
download install so they do not lose all
the applications that have been installed
you will not erase anything the method that
I will do is the following
and we pay our cell phone
although we turn on the cell phone
and that's when the man slade moradito
we press the volume button up
let his king appear
we wait for between no recoder and a
Once we enter the route directly
we are going to install buttoning once
stands and we look for it where we have it
saved
miley we install
we go to 10 and we wait for it to be installed
how it will take a long time
or that has already finished, we restart
According to the system, we restart and wait for
that on the cell
and as we have seen it is over
to install and our applications do not
we have been affected for nothing now going to
the star screen to show them a
new version
well here not here we are already finished
and health
and you can see already the applications are not
They deleted the ones we had installed
so what you have to do if you have
installed a rom cm 12 and goes to
administer another so that it does not erase
applications only the flag is no more
above the previous one and do not
nothing will happen or as I showed also go to
configurations
in system information read in exchange
of those updates disappears the
update to each new be the
they install and they are also going to restart
and not for nothing is how to install a
normal use is the version
knightley 5.0 points 2 that was uploaded today
January 30th
some functions that we can see is is
can move applications I do not know if I can
I do not watch heavy games that someone has
asked some have asked me that
can move little is heavy no no no
you just moved this application from this
game of moved here without problems no
I need roo I need nothing there is in
the sd card something other applications of
can move and those who want to move
where they can move in there
will leave and another new function that we have
the one of the new see here the one of subjects
no longer game or had not mentioned before
that already incorporates and composes the
application for themes to install
issues then this is new also that
I would be everything I hope you liked it
if living the questions I answer them
on my channel